* Paste a link to your [USERNAME].github.io repository.
* Explain how to create a repository on GitHub and clone the repository to your local computer to a non-technical person.
* Describe what open source means.
* What do you think about Open Source? Does it make you nervous or protective? Does it feel like utopia?
* Assess the importance of using licenses.
* What concepts were solidified in the challenge? Did you have any "aha" moments? What did you struggle with?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

The link to my repository is https://github.com/jonwhuang/jonwhuang.github.io

To create a new repository on GitHub, you have to click create a new repository in the top right of the main page of GitHub. You have to create a repository name and can put in an optional description as well. For the purpose of this website exercise,the repository was initialized with a README and made public. A license can be added to the repository, and we used the MIT license because it is the least restrictive of the licenses. After creating, you have to clone the repository to your local computer. On the page of the repository, there should be a clone URL you can copy. In the terminal application, navigate to the directory that you want to clone the repository into and type **git clone clone_URL_link**.

Open source means that software is openly distributed. The source code is open for the public to view, to use, to customize, as well as make requests to the original developer to use the changes made. Anyone can download and use the open source software as they wish. The open source community usually works on the software on their own will and contributes to the product as they wish. Often, this results a community-built product where updates that users create that are very useful, and the original developers of the product do not always have to go through the trouble of creating those changes.

I think that open source is very common nowadays. Now I realize that many of the free applications I use everyday are actually open source and allow me to use them. It does not really make me feel nervous or protective right now, since it is always up to the original developer whether or not they want to make use of open source. As long as I understand how open source works, I don't think I will be too nervous about it. It does seem a bit like a utopia since open source projects are community driven and built, and everyone tries to contribute meaningfully to it. However, utopias aren't perfect and there can always be people who may try to take advantage of open source.

Licenses are definitely necessary in today's world. Retaining the original copyright is very important, as lawsuits concerning copyrights are common nowadays. When a license is placed on something,the original developer holds the copyright to the product but allows others to use the product for different purposes based on the developer's permissions. The MIT license is the one that we've used so far for our repositories. It is the least restrictive license and basically allows anyone to do anything with the software, as long as the license is still accompanying it. THE GNU General Public License (GPL) is the most common license. It allows the free copying, distributing, and modifying of the software. A copy of the license must always be included with the software, which means that users will always know that there is a free copy of it somewhere.

Making the website definitely helped solidify some of the workflows that we've learned this week. Creating and cloning the repository I can do easily now, as well as merging the feature branch to the master branch after pushing to GitHub. I can use the main commands of the command line at ease now to navigate, create files, delete files, and moving between untracked, staged, and committed changes. The only part I am still struggling a little bit with is remembering the commands for pulling recent changes from the remote repository and merging the changes from the master to the feature branch before pushing the feature branch. I do understand that using them helps make sure that the branches are up to date before pushing to GitHub, but I currently I still have to look back at the four commands to use them. On the last assignment, I accidentally used the past tense instead of imperative form of a verb for a commit message. I tried to search for a way to edit the message after I had already pushed and merged the branch to the master on GitHub but could not figure out how to make it work even with all the methods I found online. In the end, I just restarted the repository and went through all the procedures again, which helped a lot in memorizing the workflow.